Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture we're going to have to icons over year one is going to be for the uploading images and
the other is going to be for uploading the products.
Okay, now before then, you can see we have this product description test field and over here we are
saying the mouse lens is going to be under.
That is how many words the test form field can contain.
But since this is for the product description, we can increase the mass then to 200.
So it's on red and use control and save now.
Okay.
And now we are going to create the two icon button over here.
And I said one is going to be for uploading images and the other is going to be for uploading the product.
Okay.
Now to do this, we have to have a comma over here and order to have a very good format.
And within the scaffold, the scaffold has this property which you've not seen before, floats an action
button and.
These two icons are going to be displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
So for this purpose, we're going to be using a row widget and children and the first child of the row
is going to be floating.
Floats an action button to the press which is a function and we need the channel cover by.
It also has a property known as child.
And for the child it's going to be an icon an icon widget and this is going to be icons that for two.
So I think we have the icons this photo then library like this and I think we need another ad you're
trying to cover.
And how they're trying to cover is and that's the save and go check it out.
So you're going to see it over here.
Okay, look, you can sit over there, and what we can do is we can copy this and duplicate this.
Then this is going to be for the whole plot.
Okay.
Hard.
You're trying to come here and use control and has to save and go check it out.
You can see it right over here.
That is horizontally, right.
And now what we can do is the RO has a property known as main as its alignment and we can say main us
alignments dot end.
Okay.
You're going to see the riot now.
And now we can give space between these to high com.
To do that we have to wrap this floating action button with a pattern as well.
We can take this to icons to the right or to the left.
To do that, you have to grab this row, the parent row, because within the parent row we have this
to widget, right?
So wrapping this row with a pattern is going to move both together, right?
What we basically want to move each of them.
To do that, we have to wrap this floating action button with a pattern.
PA then.
With pardon, and instead of horse sides, we can say that holy, we are basically specify the pardon
we need for just a particular hedge.
And this is going to be right ten.
Okay.
How come you're in this country and that's to save.
And since.
Good.
Since good.
Seems good.
Maybe we could also rob this role with iPad in.
And maybe ten.
In this country needs to save and see what's going to do.
Okay.
Kid is going to move us together.
You can see.
Okay.
I'm just going to get rid of that.
Look.
Good, guys.
See you in the next leg.